I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
But wait a minute am i really so angry to make this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did nt had no longer control over my actions , i was afarid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisaction i would feel when i finally had my revange , the best revange .
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
I 'm not agree with this idea completely .
On the one hand travel by car are really much more convenient as give the chance to you to be independent .
On the other hand huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I bornt to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on the television I dream with play in a big team and in a big championship like Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Best Player in the world , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
I play football in a Portuguese club called valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I dream in win a lot os leagues in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jonny .
I graduated from National Taiwan Unerversity of Science and Technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after chilren and playing with chilfen .
I like personality with childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of holding basketball competition when I was student .
I Planned many interesting activities for views to make competition alive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always simle to people .
I really want to get this job .
I want to play with children and see their simle all day .
I think that smile is the best gift in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think me is the right person you want , please give me a responese , Thanks .
public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe but some people prefer cars to extent do we agree with and what is our reasons for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places
to summaries it is different from some oneis opinion to another i predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
The topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion become more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and exponential growth in their sales figure and with low budget private cars in picture , scenario ddrastically changed in past 10 years
Development of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of investment was bring for biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it boost economic growth and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
If you are living in big town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
Global warming is huge issue in today 's date .
Government should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However we the people have really important part of making it worse .
Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .
Recycling item can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
People is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in atmosphere .
Eventually human will have no more fresh air to breath .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one day it can be seen in whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football game .
On our school or villiage football stadium i spend a lot of time every day .
Usually i play football with my classmates .
Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
His main words:"You must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
I can say , that coach is experienced person .
Not so long ago , we are had competition .
The first place was gotting by us .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organised .
I believe , that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dynamo .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to someone who starts this sport:"You must believe in yorself " .
Hallo my firend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your day today ?
It 's really nice for your expressly e - mail yesterday .
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try dicribe everything precisely , becouse I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have seen your notice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I assisted to a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a lot of time ago , however , I still keep the rhthym in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
All members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had taken care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the hobby for me !
I hope you keep in mind my candidature because I 'm not going to disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
Because not everyone afford to buy their own car .
Besides there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What is the " Family " meaning ?
In my opinion , Family is the place that had you best friend can help each other and know each .
In the Taiwan , many of people have to take care of them parent when they get old , but the point is what if you can not survival , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise you parent .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .
I like NewZealand because there are many islands .
By the way , NewZealand have a cool weather .
In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That 's why I order all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food .
You can also bought a lot of gifts like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to NewZealand but believe me it is very beautiful place .
If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of you .
I live in Lentini , a small city in East Sicily .
The local Council hasn't a project for the environment .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throws all together in black sack .
Although the Council began to plan something , the people are n't committed with the problem .
Around the city , you can find many places where the people throw frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in background .
When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me .
We ever played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laugh a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In those years I lived the worst moments in my life .
I remember when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst day of my life .
There night I cried because I felt that I have not got any friends .
However , my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
In there moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
I knew that they never talk bad about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important people of my life .
He has ever been with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
Both like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We like watching TV series and cooking several desserts too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
Life of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
A busy life always compell to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation system lag behind motor cars .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the children .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
For the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
I am waiting yours answer .
Hi Sam
How are you ? are yo still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons the last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm lerning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very dificult .
However , if I carry on studying like now , i will do it .
The lessons are very funny
Dear Sir or madam :
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to apply for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besides I have recommended paper from
my last company .
I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Barrientos
the tecnology have chanched the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents life.for example my parents did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents woundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
Although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowaday , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it become much more convenient .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In some perespectives , these problems are led by the over - using of personal vehicle .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for breathing polluted air .
So the best way for them to travel is public transpotations .
Each person should practice saving when using any source of eneny to protect his own live .
In conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
Hello Alex , how are you .
Are you free for weckend , have you any plans .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite you to go with us .
If you are interesedt , find me at 8 clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank you Helen for those wonderful presents .
I always want to read these type of book .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach .
In conclusion it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects and stable environment for younger generation to grow up .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
The cause of Brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and law enforcement to support public in a positive manner .
There is n't too feww oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily
Jordan Romero has got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
the top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am dancing in the party with my friends .
They listen to the music and can we are singing .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girfriend .
Jose is the best song . he is singing and talking in the party .
Other person is Angel , he do n't dance in all place .
He prefer study in your home .
Hello Something .
My names is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm living in german .
In the moment I visit the Secondary modern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example there are girl she is in my class she is beautiful .
I love her look .
Her eyes looks as the sun .
But she is ignored me .
I hope I can forget her .
Run for your life
My favourite sport is run .
I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feel me as if I run on air and the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .
My favourite place to run is in the forest but I like to run sportive too .
I am likeing to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
The bestest advice I can giving to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little more faster and then after 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly will have any educational value .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel myself satisfied .
In the last few years forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
Here there is one : do television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe television cover both entertaining and educational functions .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
Apart from eduational contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still plays a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
I think who the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
Here we can eat typical Italian food .
The last time who I was here I have eat the best pizza that I have ever eat in my life .
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of shell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
the owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has future .
Currently , most people is used to use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to the climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject would n't use so much their own car .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the asurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollute less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .
I 'm your employee , to serve on your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
But pay a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students complete summer homework , correcting homework diligently assist the instructor , the instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard , but I have nothing to complain about .
I work hard for two months , pay a lot .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected , I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
I invite you to consider the proposal .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example bus , train , metro and more , for the only one reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
In big cities public transport works well because there 's a good feedback by people .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Huck which they talk a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky so Tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom say to her of another girl so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw his house he sneak into his house and saw he aunt Polly crying for him .
So the next day the people of the town went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom open the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the two boys considered like an andventure .
So they went to the misterious house and when they were inside they heard voices so Tom and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
the two boys heard that he was planing to steal some money and kill people so the boys start their adventure on stoping Injuin Joe ...
Hi , jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " izakaya " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skill in them .
Recently , many south East Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
so he went back to Sarah 's house and clean all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the bathroon she said : " I know what you leave there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .